Migrate cache_warmup addon to use FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup namespace with simplified class names and backward compatibility (#121)
FriendsOfREDAXO/cache_warmup: README.md

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FriendsOfREDAXO/cache-warmup/assets/cache-warmup.png)

> ## Migration Notes (Version 5.0)
> 
> **Breaking Changes:** In version 5.0, the class naming structure has been updated to follow PSR-1 conventions and a new namespace structure:
> 
> **New Namespace Structure:**
> - Classes are now in the `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup` namespace
> - Class names have been simplified:
>   - `cache_warmup_generator` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Generator`
>   - `cache_warmup_generator_images` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorImages`
>   - `cache_warmup_generator_pages` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorPages`
>   - `cache_warmup_selector` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Selector`
>   - `cache_warmup_writer` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Writer`
> 
> **Backward Compatibility:**
> For easier migration, deprecated wrapper classes are provided in `lib/deprecated/` until the next major release:
> - `cache_warmup_generator` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Generator`)
> - `cache_warmup_generator_images` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorImages`)
> - `cache_warmup_generator_pages` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorPages`)
> - `cache_warmup_selector` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Selector`)
> - `cache_warmup_writer` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Writer`)
> 
> **Migration Guide:**
> Update your code to use the new namespaced classes:
> 
> ```php
> // Old (deprecated)
> $generator = new cache_warmup_generator_pages();
> $items = cache_warmup_generator::prepareItems($pages);
> cache_warmup_writer::clearOutput();
> 
> // New (recommended)
> use FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorPages;
> use FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Generator;
> use FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Writer;
> 
> $generator = new GeneratorPages();
> $items = Generator::prepareItems($pages);
> Writer::clearOutput();
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hinweise zum Upgrade (Version 5.0)

**Breaking Changes:** In version 5.0, the class naming structure has been updated to follow PSR-1 conventions and a new namespace structure:

**New Namespace Structure:**
- Classes are now in the `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup` namespace
- Class names have been simplified:
  - `cache_warmup_generator` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Generator`
  - `cache_warmup_generator_images` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorImages`
  - `cache_warmup_generator_pages` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorPages`
  - `cache_warmup_selector` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Selector`
  - `cache_warmup_writer` → `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Writer`

**Backward Compatibility:**
For easier migration, deprecated wrapper classes are provided in `lib/deprecated/` until the next major release:
- `cache_warmup_generator` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Generator`)
- `cache_warmup_generator_images` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorImages`)
- `cache_warmup_generator_pages` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorPages`)
- `cache_warmup_selector` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Selector`)
- `cache_warmup_writer` (extends `FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Writer`)

**Migration Guide:**
Aktualisiere deinen Code auf die neuen Namespace-Konventionen:

```php
// Old (deprecated)
$generator = new cache_warmup_generator_pages();
$items = cache_warmup_generator::prepareItems($pages);
cache_warmup_writer::clearOutput();

// New (recommended)
use FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\GeneratorPages;
use FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Generator;
use FriendsOfRedaxo\CacheWarmup\Writer;

$generator = new GeneratorPages();
$items = Generator::prepareItems($pages);
Writer::clearOutput();
```
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Ich frage mich, ob die Umstellungshinweise an den Anfang gehören? Imho würde ich hier maximal eine Satz spendieren ("beim erstmaligen Wechsel auf Version X.y oder höher bitte die Umstellungshinweise (Link) beachten" oder so ähnlich). Und die Hinweise könnten ein zusätzlicher Punkt im Entwickler-Abschnitt sein.

Der Abschnitt  **Backward Compatibility:** lässt sich in einen Einzeiler packen ("Bis zum nächsten Major Release sind die alten Klassen weiterhin als Umstellungshilfe verfügbar." oder so ähnlich)

Und natürlich wie der Rest der Readme in Deutsch.

Reviewer: Gerne direkt ändern und committen, du kannst sogar hier inline über die Weboberfläche Änderungen vorschlagen.
